Make 'compass list --suites -v' print the contents of a suite (#132)
MPAS-Dev/compass: docs/developers_guide/organization.rst

the step will immediately fail because of the missing input.  The path to the
executable is automatically detected based on the work directory for the step
and the config options.

.. _dev_suites:

Test Suites
-----------

As described in the :ref:`user_testsuites` section of the User's Guide, COMPASS
test cases can be organized into test suites.  Each core has separate regression
suites, and a core can have multiple independent regression suites.  A developer
defines a test suite by creating a `.txt` file within the `compass/CORE/suites`

> directory.  The format of the `.txt` file is a list of the paths to the tests
> desired to be part of the suite.  A line starting with `#` will be treated as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory.  The format of the `.txt` file is a list of the work directories of the tests
desired to be part of the suite.  A line starting with `#` will be treated as a
```
